models, sundog, prairiedog: add kernel boot config support (#2029)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

    "vm.max_map_count" = "262144"
    ```

#### Boot-related settings

Specifying either of the following settings will generate a kernel boot config file to be loaded on subsequent boots:
* `settings.boot.kernel-parameters`: These allows additional kernel parameters to be specified to the kernel command line during boot.
* `settings.boot.init-parameters`: These allows additional init parameters to be specified to init during boot.

Example user data for specifying boot settings:

```toml
[settings.boot]
kernel.console = ["tty0", "ttyS1"]
kernel.crashkernel = ["2G-:256M"]
init.param1 = ["good", "morning"]
init.param2 = ["hello", "goodbye"]
```

> If an existing boot config exists at `/proc/bootconfig`, these settings' values' will be populated with values specified in the provisioned boot config file.

Reviewer: potential nit?: is there an extra `'` in values? or is that intended?

    "vm.max_map_count" = "262144"
    ```

> #### Boot-related settings for bare metal variants

Reviewer 2: Once again, for the short term this will be only on metal, but longer term probably not.

We should talk a bit more about how is the best way to do this.

Specifying either of the following settings will generate a kernel boot config file to be loaded on subsequent boots:
* `settings.boot.kernel-parameters`: These allows additional kernel parameters to be specified to the kernel command line during boot.
* `settings.boot.init-parameters`: These allows additional init parameters to be specified to init during boot.

*Please note that boot settings only exist for bare metal variants only*

Example user data for specifying boot settings:

```toml
[settings.boot]

> kernel.console = ["tty0", "ttyS1"]

Reviewer 2: Let's add a more complicated example including baud rate, flow control, etc.for the serial console:
`ttyS1,115200n8`

    "vm.max_map_count" = "262144"
    ```

#### Boot-related settings

*Please note that boot settings only exist for bare-metal variants at the moment*

> Specifying either of the following settings will generate a kernel boot config file to be loaded on subsequent boots:

Reviewer 2: Let's link to the kernel documentation here, I'm betting this feature isn't widely known.

Also - let's  expand on the expected format a bit and/or link to the docs on this as well.

* `settings.boot.kernel-parameters`: These allows additional kernel parameters to be specified to the kernel command line during boot.
* `settings.boot.init-parameters`: These allows additional init parameters to be specified to init during boot.

Example user data for specifying boot settings:

```toml

> [settings.boot.kernel]

Reviewer 3: The documentation and examples are inconsistent - is it `kernel` or `kernel-parameters`?

Author: Both are acceptable since I added `kernel` as an alias for `kernel-parameters` to serde. You're right that it should probably be consistent in the documentation.

    "vm.max_map_count" = "262144"
    ```

#### Boot-related settings

*Please note that boot settings only exist for bare-metal variants at the moment*

Specifying either of the following settings will generate a kernel boot config file to be loaded on subsequent boots:
* `settings.boot.kernel-parameters`: These allows additional kernel parameters to be specified to the kernel command line during boot.

> * `settings.boot.init-parameters`: These allows additional init parameters to be specified to init during boot.

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
* `settings.boot.kernel-parameters`: This allows additional kernel parameters to be specified on the kernel command line during boot.
* `settings.boot.init-parameters`: This allows additional init parameters to be specified on the kernel command line during boot.
```

You can learn more about kernel boot configuration [here](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/bootconfig.html).

Example user data for specifying boot settings:

```toml
[settings.boot.kernel-parameters]
"console" = [
  "tty0",
  "ttyS1,115200n8",
]
"crashkernel" = [
  "2G-:256M",
]
"slub_debug" = [
  "options,slabs",
]
"usbcore.quirks" = [
  "0781:5580:bk",
  "0a5c:5834:gij",
]

[settings.boot.init-parameters]
"log_level" = ["debug"]
"splash" = []
```

> If an existing boot config exists at `/proc/bootconfig`, these settings' values will be populated with values specified in the provisioned boot config.

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
If boot config data exists at `/proc/bootconfig`, it will be used to generate these API settings on first boot.
```
